Vault owner deletion (#5910)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> 

Author: It's a nitpick comment from the other PR https://github.com/rotki/rotki/pull/5908#discussion_r1171339003. So it is removed on purpose.

> 

Reviewer: I asked him to do it.

* :bug:`5749` Phishing zero token transfer transactions will now be hidden and ignored.
* :bug:`5717` Swaps will now be processed in accounting correctly even if set manually.
* :bug:`-` If a premium user changes their rotki password they will now be able to pull remote data without restarting the app.

> * :bug:`-` When an address that owns a makerdao vault will be deleted, users will no longer see any errors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` Now there won't be errors querying balances when an address owning a Makerdao vault is deleted.
```
